RTCError and RTCErrorEvent docs (#44047)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcerror/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Creates and returns a new `RTCError` object instance.
```

Again, too wordy, that detail isn't needed.

Author: Yeah, I copied some other example that was too wordy and didn't think about it enough.

## Instance properties

> _Also inherits properties from its parent interface, {{DOMxRef("DOMException")}}_

Author: @chrisdavidmills I plan to ignore these reviewdoc notes.

> _Also inherits properties from its parent interface, {{DOMxRef("DOMException")}}_

Author: ```suggestion
_Also inherits properties from its parent interface, {{DOMxRef("DOMException")}}._
```

- {{domxref("RTCError.errorDetail", "errorDetail")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : A string specifying the WebRTC-specific error code identifying the type of error that occurred.
- {{domxref("RTCError.receivedAlert", "receivedAlert")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A positive integer value indicating the fatal {{Glossary("DTLS")}} error which was received from the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A positive integer value indicating the fatal {{Glossary("DTLS")}} error received from the network.
```

});
```

> If the error is an SDP syntax error—indicated by its {{domxref("RTCError.errorDetail", "errorDetail")}} property being `sdp-syntax-error`—, a message string is constructed to present the error message and the line number within the SDP at which the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the error is an SDP syntax error—as indicated by the {{domxref("RTCError.errorDetail", "errorDetail")}} property being set to `sdp-syntax-error`— a message string is constructed to present the error message and line number within the SDP message where the error occurred.
```
